fish under and the jungle look a bit
weird
we they start calling to the side like
weird water means of expression are very
low industry McCarty seems to shankaram
pedophiles maybe in the system the week
easily to back them up and support
flickering they kinda stick an anomalous
clothes in our kitchen on wheels
and they look different I remember one
year we working up a stream I'll go do a
shot mr. Francis come here come look at
the fish them jumping over a stream I
could smell chemical that deer into the
stream I could see the cria fish them
crawling out and after I come home I
make a report to the police station
I could never sitting like that are no
reported I'll go back there a few years
after and you couldn't see the residue
at the chemical on the rocks
do I look like some light powder and
Iraq I usually put I never realized
until I could identify when chemical use
and Su the rocks are different this is
the water unifies if you see among and
get an outfit afterward I'm gonna pass
it like today and tomorrow by the meat
that I see what I gonna get to drink see
my amp 1850 and see mo Cowan very catch
the fish are the junga it's house
sometimes still I've been the Pisan so
whenever I pass in sometime make a big
purchase if you chemically strong enough
to kill the fish and crayfish and jungin
shrimp that are in the river I know it
would be strong enough to kill human
beings
it causes diseases now why do we want to
build on the diseases that already exist
so outside of taking away from a
generation a tradition that is so vital
we destroy ourselves it's it to me some
murderous act
is not only a nasty habit it's a
criminal and it kills and leaves nothing
you go to the river and you catch your
fish okay you have to kill it because
you have to eat it and that is alright
but to kill what what would be left
there to multiply so that you could get
at another instance is a shame it's a
shame on anybody who goes out there and
poison the water the people are doing
this they're selfish and short-sighted
it actually kills of the not only jungle
but all other life in the river and this
takes anywhere like six months before
you start seen in a life-form in that
particular area everybody you put at
risk so far for you know for a few
dollars you are basically killing off
one addition to entire marine life of a
river I don't really buy bite if I don't
know like any nice when they going out
they come and say they going if I need
and they go and strike it come back in
the morning and that's it cuz normally
when they when they do poisonous I did
it's like a group a lot of crayfish and
it's there's no hole in it let it do
something and they catch it but when it
when it's when it strike you can see the
oh like maybe five hole in the head
eleven season about young one people use
your community your water trying to
protect don't put a kid on or die
because of talking about the depletion
of the the resources the depletion of
the abundance of fish people losing
their livelihood it could be people
losing their breadbasket